Update 100-event-loop.md (#1679)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/112-javascript-asynchronous-javascript/100-event-loop.md

> # Event loop
> Here is an example an a article talking about this topic.
> 
> 
> [JavaScript Visualized: Event Loop](https://dev.to/lydiahallie/javascript-visualized-event-loop-3dif)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Event Loop

The Event Loop is one of the most important aspects to understand about Node.js. Why is this so important? Because it explains how Node.js can be asynchronous and have non-blocking I/O, it explains the "killer feature" of Node.js, which made it this successful.

<BadgeLink colorScheme="yellow" badgeText="Read" href="https://nodejs.dev/en/learn/the-nodejs-event-loop/">The Node.Js Event Loop</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme="yellow" badgeText="Read" href="https://dev.to/lydiahallie/javascript-visualized-event-loop-3dif">JavaScript Visualized: Event Loop</BadgeLink>
```
